 It's always easy to say after. You should have done like this. You should have done like this. You forgot to do this. That is exactly what is to be a human. We were very, very, very, very unlucky yesterday. If we were not unlucky, just this one time yesterday. Yes. We didn't have this speculation we have no clue. We will feel safe with the things we did. Because we put the money away. 33% of the money are safety. We continue investing. The investing was growing. We have safety. We have a future. I understand how you feel. It's not about feelings. This is about reality, Slovenia. Let's close your eyes and say this one trade yesterday was not happening. Yesterday, after that day, it was finished. I am sure that I will have taken some of the money to put in the electronic money. And they are not able to lose. Then the next day, we could have the possibility to look too loose or maybe. Maybe. But we still have the money there. But the reality is all of it. I know. That's why I say we were very, very, very unlucky. Do you know what means unlucky? It's the same as I want to go on the road and then you are driving down by a bus. That is very, very unlucky. Yeah, you should not go there without light. You should have been walking more. In the side, you should not walk here. Yes. I think that it's not only about luck, you are lucky. You know how it is this, this is a big risk. But you don't hear. I am hearing you. Continuing living this life is also a big risk. You think there is another way. I have been having my own company invested in entrepreneur all my life. That's the way I earn my money with a big risk every time. Buying components from Spain, welding, big, big steel components, racing concrete in the ground, racing, and going to a buying install all. A big, big risk. Well, I did money. It's not the same as going to job 7 to 14 a day. It's not the same. We were very, very, very, very, very unlucky yesterday, the colonial. It was not fair, but we can't, we can talk about that from now on to ever. It's not going to change anything. So now, going to marry thousands of children, and I was talking to farmers.... life. That just means that I have to do more hard than all other people because my luck. And so it is. I feel that you don't. We are not. You think that I don't know what you think. You think there is a man, your other possibilities and blah blah blah. We talk many times about all this, Claudia. I mean, it's only because I am positive and not only spout. Not only spout and not all. But I lived this life with reality in many years. You didn't. I have a... Yeah, but not here. Not in my situation, not in my country. Not with the chances. It's not because I don't want to run my company, Claudia. I would like. But I tried with so much marketing, work, blah blah blah. Many years finally. I just lost my life, my opportunities and my money. That's not a life. We need to do a plan. Actually, Claudia, you are not involved in this. You didn't lost one penny. No, because I don't know about this and I don't know. But I have... This is not the way that I choose. Someone has to do something here. Because I need to support you and the children. You can support yourself. But we know this and... Yeah, so you feel that it's not my fault now. I don't say that. I just say that we have to do something, Claudia. Yeah? I would like to say you something, but I need to translate. I need you to understand how I feel. I don't have the money to take care of all the things that I would like to do. I don't have to, Claudia. I was really things I would like to have. And the little money that I received from my kids' fathers is just enough to some basic needs. And just two days ago, when we was talking how you were winning, I decided to make two demo purchase. Because the children's need to close, winter clothes. And I did two purchase. One to about 700 Corona's. And the other around 800 Corona's. Because they needed winter clothes. You know how they have. And I am trying to cover in some things from the money that I received. For example, that toothpaste, shampoo, toilet paper. And when they want to drink some soda or some things. Because I am not claiming nothing honey. Because I want, it's my, the form that I want to help. And when I sometimes use things like how much toilet paper does family use. It really makes me feel sad because I don't want that you feel that you are the only person who supports this family. I am not spending anything extra. I am trying only to just try to cover what's necessary with the very little I have. So I also want to know that when your financial loss don't only affect you. They affect me too. And I am not blaming you. Nothing. But I need you to see that I have no resources left in these situations. Makes me feel sad. You don't think I know what you say. I know. And I want to translate this because sometimes I haven't done it. I know all this cloud. Why are you telling me that? I know it already. Because you want me to change, because you want... No. Because I am telling this because the next days when I went to... And I can show you, for example, I was looking at my economy because this day when I was talking to you, when you asked me for paid some things in the house. And I was looking at how I was spending all in this month in October. And I spent more than $400. Buying things for me is a lot because I haven't... I am not working. But it's important that we talk about this because I want to know how is my economy actually. And I can show you all with a credit all that is spending that I was doing because I don't want that you feel, that you are the ones that is supporting this family. And I would like to work for her. This is my wish because I am not a lazy person. I didn't say that. Yeah, I know that I want that you know that when you are worried, I am worried too. Because I am in this situation because I can't do nothing. Actually. And it makes me feel very sad because I see you that you have that responsibility with us, with the children having a night, doing nothing, and I am spending maybe one day that I have it. But I am also spending one day that I don't have. Yes. And when you use the little money that you have in this, how do you think that I feel? Because I know. I have the same feelings, cleverly, I am not stupid. Nothing we are talking like a couple. You don't have to explain me that you feel bad, I feel bad too. But that will not help, but that we sit here crying and say, I feel bad. It's not a solution. Okay. So for me and for us, I think that the way that I can help is trying to study by myself for don't spend time when I get the permission. I would like to find a virtual job. I know that I can't work in this country yet because it's a requirement. It's a rule. I need to respect. Then you have to work black or something. But we don't agree about this training. You don't believe in it. I believe in you. Yes, you believe in me. But you don't believe in the training. And I am trying to be very calm. I am trying to be rational. I am trying to think. I put it on the weight. Doing my company, doing my work, doing the training. It's a big risk, yes. But if this was not happening yesterday, if I had caught the money away, we was happy now. We were smiling because we win a lot of money. We have opportunity like an airplane. We were going like this, Claudia. You saw the numbers. You saw that I was more in control than ever. Is it a big risk to continue with your company, put more money and blah, blah, blah? It's a big risk. Now I get a little job here maybe. And I don't know if it's a money, but it will only cover a few things. He's calling me. I need to call him, please. Excuse me. Excuse me.