 Strong solution And it's not because it's in panic It's not because it's the only way With this That trading Of course if there is a little job in my company I have a little possibility now to go to fix something in a house But if we look on the budget what we need for money and what I can earn It will only and time will run and I will get old If we want to have a life we can't live here Claudia We have to go like this But you know that trading is not a job And you have the control with trading It's in reality you have the control Because if I follow this sequence Claudia We see in this results Continue coming here If you are sure to I am 100% sure The only thing is that When you think I can do the trading on my own And now please listen I want you to understand clearly That you know in this life you can be lucky and unlucky But you are not a professional What can we say? I count money there You are not that I am not too And I am not a professional trader too That doesn't mean that you can't count That doesn't mean that I can't trade And many times it will go good for me Maybe 8 out of 10 times it will go good But no but 9 and 10 it goes really bad Because I don't have All the knowledge about this So for that reason I should not do that That's just very hard for a man Like me who want to grow And always do my own business Do you understand? But what I say is that I learned I accept And I know This is not the way Because you I am not intelligent professional for This area to know Will it go up? Will it go down? Because that's the only two things Can happen Those people working with this They are very very very professional We've seen the results so many times I think it will go up now I can look in the market I feel and I think and I think But then it goes the wrong way I am not professional I know that So if I want to make money If I want to do it in a safe way Especially in this situation now I have to follow the trading signals Do the two trades today Stop Close the computer That's it Do you understand what I say? Yes, I understand What is your feeling now? So... I am honest with you, Clowny About what I think About what I see What I learn What I know I also know that I am not professional But many times when I look And I have my... I am sitting and thinking What will happen Okay, I also believe it goes down Many times I am right But also sometimes I am wrong They are more professional That's how it is And I should not take the risk I am going to study Do you want to... Go ahead I am going to study Do you want to study? Yes Go ahead Go ahead Yes Yes, but I am not sure I am going to study here But I am going to study here I am going to study here I am going to study here Yes I will not say I am not all-uward I am educated This is a good place But there are some things There are too many things We have a very small tank From here i canブ I learn 4 players That big tank is a tank That is what we have been paraillining It seems The row is What do you think of this line? First thought, I guess it was so far from Golden Emb焦 launch, So the track you see are separate but earlier on. Luckily I found it fast all these few years data, and some findings, hardware also. What has changed? What you have to fix is linking my software. ... they will teach us too much ah first you start czyli ok so we're all on a topic then I'll show you There's an oin, there mum, there. Yes yes its very good primarily but if you see how many phases even though it's程pil Hydrus, we sitting on Spam Bay where long advanced!! Also when you are in play where you are racing Your situations are to clear from both sides but stay stronger But the situation is that I have to pay myself a lot, because I don't have a job to do. And then I have to pay myself a lot, and in the end I have to pay for the job. And then I have to pay for the job. And then I have to pay myself a lot. And then I have to pay myself for the 3,000 today. Can we go now with this? Because I have also a pen that stands there, which can be said to be very good and to be balanced in things. No, but now I have a little kick-pull. Hey, hey. Hey. Hey. Hey, hey. Do you have an athlete with you around you? ders Message