 Strong solution And it's not because it's in panic It's not because it's the only way With this That trading Of course if there is a little job in my company I have a little possibility now to go to fix something in a house But if we look on the budget what we need for money and what I can earn It will only and time will run and I will get old If we want to have a life we can't live here Claudia We have to go like this But you know that trading is not a job And you have the control with trading It's in reality you have the control Because if I follow this sequence Claudia We see in this results Continue coming here If you are sure to I am 100% sure The only thing is that When you think I can do the trading on my own And now please listen I want you to understand clearly That you know in this life you can be lucky and unlucky But you are not a professional What can we say? I count money there You are not that I am not too And I am not a professional trader too That doesn't mean that you can't count That doesn't mean that I can't trade And many times it will go good for me Maybe 8 out of 10 times it will go good But no but 9 and 10 it goes really bad Because I don't have All the knowledge about this So for that reason I should not do that That's just very hard for a man Like me who want to grow And always do my own business Do you understand? But what I say is that I learned I accept And I know This is not the way Because you I am not intelligent professional for This area to know Will it go up? Will it go down? Because that's the only two things Can happen Those people working with this They are very very very professional We've seen the results so many times I think it will go up now I can look in the market I feel and I think and I think But then it goes the wrong way I am not professional I know that So if I want to make money If I want to do it in a safe way Especially in this situation now I have to follow the trading signals Do the two trades today Stop Close the computer That's it Do you understand what I say? Yes, I understand What is your feeling now? So... I am honest with you, Clowny About what I think About what I see What I learn What I know I also know that I am not professional But many times when I look And I have my... I am sitting and thinking What will happen Okay, I also believe it goes down Many times I am right But also sometimes I am wrong They are more professional That's how it is And I should not take the risk I am going to study Do you want to... Go ahead I am going to study Do you want to study? Yes Go ahead Go ahead Yes Yes, but I am not sure I am going to study here But I am going to study here I am going to study here I am going to study here Yes I will not sayag子 He has written And read Because it is still But it is in theだけ Too little We will take some money And say I am going to study Every now and then This we have stopped危 Theater Car Sp Among Me unpleasant Put all the sides acknowledged and called. Juve is just being simple. Because being inexpensive is just as practical. Nowadays the physique, the inserting is also very simple. Getting in suits with changing rings and Barbiele or the carnival. Help yourself poor people! Stone's opera To cover up What's behind this means?? You look at this Your whole body is full of Short hair for many of you So, he was a little mad about racing but don't ever show it It was so small Ohhh I told you earlier A So hopefully this is the best gift I could buy in Germany. But I think imported Majlis CD for now My humbleiri calisis Please ask the instructors if I have long, long budget and that said I used some support of my pen, which is because of the effect of blockingoster, what I need to do was ring hair. and you can complain to the few people Now we have some 30,000 stone basket Let's see the little depends on the coming should youins Make it look like it can be laksa you can go from out there Nope its enough What are you? What are you keeping fish ? Hey 😇 I'm not jet off even if I'm not at all paid without these things. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. No, I also... No, I also have a little bank loan on 6.3 USD that I have to hand over to. So, they did that on 6.3 USD and I don't know how to hand over that. I like my life, my life, my life. Yeah.