 Oh, here you go. Okay. Okay. I called my Norwegian company. I go to them to a meeting today. It's number one thing. You want to try to see to help me. Maybe I paid a little too much tax money in. We can stop to pay more tax for this year or get something back. We have to look on that. I get a little salary from my own company to my private account every month. But the company do not earn money. So I can't keep on doing that. Because then I have to put the money back again into the account. And I just pay more and more tax. We go into a half a meeting with this. Try to make the best solution with that. That's number one info. Number two info. I called my bank. I didn't tell them everything. I just told him that in December my mother gave us, you can see, she did. The last two years and we will have again. It's the same bank. Okay. And I ask him what can we talk about? And he can give me an extra bracket of 50,000 Danish Kroner. 25 on my private account and 25 on my company account. So with the 50,000 I can have them in 45 days. And then I will get hopefully my mother's money. Let's say I didn't pay 10,000 for bills. We have 40 left. I am going to put those money into the investments. If I calculate 40,000 with the investments like it, no. That was too quickly for me. Sorry. I have one to wash my clothes. If I am going to invest 40,000 I only use 25% of the 40,000 to actually trade with it. That is 10,000. Those 10,000 giving a profit for one week of 140%. You can see the calculation here. And after one week the total will be 24,000. And this is in the best scenery. This is the scenery we had this week. And this week was not especially good. What happened if you lost that? It's only a question. But you know, because I don't know about this. So if you consider that this is the way, but the banks accept finally. They don't know I do this here. I don't know. But they accept to give me more credit. In 45 days. I have to credit in 45 days. And then my mother's money arrives. I want to take something here. We see an investor T-Toucher owner, offers a profit for one or two percent. But my extra money higher so will over the T-Toucher. That's not true. I will say that I will say that it is still a T-Toucher owner. And I will profit for one or three thousand. But my higher so will over the T-Toucher. I will say that I will profit for one or three thousand. And I will say that I will profit for one or three thousand. Thank you. Yes. A profit of doing this investment with ten thousand owner is fourteen thousand owner. If we have this salary, Claudia, we don't go this way. We will go this way. I told you. Do you understand clearly? Yes. Completely. Yes, your idea. Also the numbers. How you explain? Can you see this? I know what you think. There is two way to earn money in this life. Work your ass off. Work your ass off. Do you think I will be able to get this kind of income for work one week? It will be impossible, Claudia. I understand how you say. You have the knowledge I don't know about this. But you are explaining me, if you consider all the risks and you have the control, and you are ability for involved financially in this. I only can give you all the time my emotional support because I want the best for you, for us. Always. And I don't want to see you sad. I don't want to see you nervous. But if I don't do anything now, I don't know what will happen with me. When I look all around me and think in reality, there is no better solution than this. That is very clear. The only thing is that I need to do this training. I need to sit here those hours from early to late when they start. And be very, very specific and follow this here. And don't over-invest, don't take big risks, don't do anything mistakes. Now you can laugh at me. If I can sit here and be focused and have my time, I'm sure this year will be happening. And then if you look on this number and say, this is the most important. This is your work. Because if I say, oh no, I have to, I have to go out to repair a little thing and earn 100 kroner. And then I lost the possibility of earning 2000. Do you understand? And I understand your feelings. So I need my time, I need my space to say now, it's 3 o'clock. I have to stay here. I don't want you to look at me and say that you don't do anything here. You need to cook, you need to do this because. And I don't want to fight about this here. Lars. And I don't want to... I want you to understand Claudia. I understand. Let's take an example. One day I sit here, push the buttons, two traits. We make money, of course we do. If I go out to do a little service, I run only a little. If I'm focused here. What? Do you understand? Yes, and I have a question. What do you expect about me? That I respect your times. And I can't do that because I always respect your time. And if you need an extra help, I can do... I only wish that you be calm. The thing is that I don't... I want to take as much control and risk control as ever possible. So that requires that when they give me the system, now it's time. I'm going to go sit here. Look, follow. Is it going correctly? And if I see something go wrong, I can stop it because I am focused here. I'm not standing out there drinking coffee or... You know, away because the market you see, it goes. Okay? And I can't do two hours of cooking when I don't know what's happening here with my money. I invest with my risk. Do you think we can agree about this without looking with bad eyes? Of course. And you know that I am doing my best. I am happy because I am... I don't say I am just crying. To be very honest, that for me it's also about what I feel. Because let's say another thing out here, if you was not here and I knew I have to do this, then I will just take a little breath and put something on place here and drink my coffee and eat. I don't care because this is my work, this is my money, this is no. I have the opportunities. If I don't push the button, the right time, it's like going to work without an early and anacelary. And the situation with our economy is going like this now. And this is the surface. We need to change this country. Really. But I don't want... I want that you know what's going on. I want to know that we can make this agreement. That's how it is. My instant, I was... So of course, if there is calling me, can you go to do a little job for me here? And I can do that before 3 o'clock. I will do that of course and take those money too. But I will not because this here I earn 10 times more with my time investment. Yeah. I understand you. I am doing my things. I am trying to do my aunt's things. That's good too, Claudia. Because you need your time. I need my time. But that's not, that means that we can share time together when you come and when I come. No, but right now we have an economy-can-situations. We have to take very, very seriously close. Exactly. And then this is priority number one. When I say share, I don't say spend money. I say share maybe. But I respect. I am totally ready with you. I have many things to do here. I want, for example, I go with a computer to the second floor because I want to study, I want to do a speak. I can sit in the table and when I go through. And I can study quite and come. I don't need to stay in front of you when you are doing this because maybe you disturb me and I disturb you. Yeah, no, but in the start when I did this here, there was an obligation on me that I should buy the food, I should do all the food in the same time I have to do the trading. And it was impossible for me to go to the next floor. And now it's not necessary because now I can cook. So I am happy because each day I am giving a little step more. I do it for my own, for my own that is hurt. I cook and I can continue doing that because today this was a goal for me. Because now I can learn. Of course you can cook. Yes, of course and I am doing. But you have two hands, you have eyes, you have ears. So of course you can. People who say they can't cook, I say holy Christ. Yeah, but I am doing. I am happy because I am doing. The problem is that the time when the sickness is coming is around. You know how it is, three o'clock and maybe two eleven. And that's how it is. But I prefer to do this because I know there is money in this and there is a lot of money. I can't work the same money out in the reality. It's impossible. And I will not, if I work with my back, 80 hours, you saw me working, taking templates every day. It's not, I like my work. But this, this here, and I have been looking on this here, Claudia. Thank you for sharing your feelings. Thank you for sharing what are you thinking? And thank you for sharing what is your plan. Because I understand it. And we have now an agreement about this. I am going to respect your time. I have to do two things here. And this is my 50% in this house. Maybe it's 80% now. In a time, Claudia. I can't do it. For example, I have... First of all, we have to agree that this here is the most highest priority because... And when do you think that you can be able to do that? From... Hopefully tomorrow. But tomorrow I have to go to a election meeting. Yeah. I only have a question because now you say that you are very busy. So that means that the appointment that I have is possible that I go alone. I can't remember what time it was. Maybe at 3 o'clock, 30 October. But maybe I will have my phone number. We can do like that. Or maybe if you have to do this at 3 o'clock, maybe only you can leave me there and I can come back on the bus. Because I was looking at the bus. I can just stay. I just need... I can do it from my phone too. If I have to. But normally, I would like to sit here with the control, the electricity. So nothing is going wrong. I sit here quiet. All is organized. For that reason, I... Instead of sitting in a room with a stress and what's going on and what will happen if I lose the power from the telephone. Yeah. For that reason, I would like that we have an agreement about this day. Because you are not going to be focused with your mobile. So maybe the best solution, because I want to be considering. Maybe... I have to wait for Juan Diego, because he arrived to 10th o'clock the bus. I can wait for him. He entered. I prepared all for his class. And maybe you can leave me before 3. I can wait. But you can come back at home before 3 o'clock. And I can wait there. And I can go by myself to the bus and come back in the bus. Maybe I can back around 5 o'clock because the last bus I was looking. It's also possible that I can drive for you, Claudia. Don't worry for me. If you want to help me to be more independent, let me do that. And I can... We can talk about that when we... I'm the situation, because it's not because everything is impossible. You just have to understand that. If I'm not focused, if I'm not doing this, you don't earn the money. Exactly. If you look on this here as the most important thing, as a work, you have to invest your time and your eyes and be. And then you can... This is the reality, Claudia. I have a question. If I decide to go, for example, because we'll happen, it's a possibility that you receive the signal early. And I never know. Exactly. If I go with my bicycle, I think that I should be driving around 30 minutes. If I want to come back, I can enter to the bus with my bicycle. It's possible that... I'm going to investigate the work. I'm not sure. I think, but I'm not sure. Always we can find solutions. That's easy to say, Claudia. It's the same as maybe there will be 25 degrees in January. No, it will not Claudia. I understand. I understand perfectly. I can give you my opinion about... Of course we can always give opinion. No, I mean that I can be involved in trading things because it's not my knowledge. So I can't give my opinion about if this is... Because I don't know. But I understand what you are explaining. And I'm going to give you my support with the things in the house if it's necessary 60, 70, 80%. In the time. In the time of course. Do you have a little budget? The next one, two weeks to help with the food. Or it's impossible. I am using my credit card. And that means what? That I... I am going to do my numbers too because I am paying the English teacher. I... Both the shoes and the jacket, the boys, with the credit card. I am paying that. And I am... I think that I can use my credit card in the next week too. As always. No, I ask you specific. What is possible and what is not possible? Because we... I don't want we go into next week or Friday and then we have cars about this too. We have to make a control about a plan. About all. Yeah, but take a go with the car. I can drive. I talk about the economy. How much is that? I don't know. You know when you buy the food last time. You know how much it was. But we have rises, low price. And we have potatoes. We have meat in the fridge. Of course we need to buy a little other things. Yeah, I can do a low budget. Yeah. Okay, for the next two weeks. I think something like that. Because if I need to take out more money from the investments, I will not win as much money. Do you understand? Yes. If I only invest 1000 homeless instead of 10,000 homeless, there's a big difference in the winning. You understand? Yeah. Hmm? Are you able to do this a little moment, Claudia? Yeah. Or what? Or is it totally impossible? No. I'm doing a risky tool, Claudia. Do you mean yes or do you say yes or mean no? No, I say that I can't in the next two weeks. Because if I use the money in the next two weeks, I is not David Carr. It's credit. So you don't have the money? I don't know what means with David and credit. Do you have money or do you not have money? No, I have it. But you have money. No. Zero. I am using the money that I receive from the rent. And you know that I have to pay. Yes. And I have a little and the money that Hans sent for the children. So this money I can use. So you have a... You have on your account or minus. I don't understand. Do you have plus on your account or minus? No, I am a half the money that Hans sent me. I know. Yes. And I can pay with this using my credit card. Because I use the credit card and when she... The question is do you have money or do you don't... Or don't you have money? No. I have the money that I receive for the rent. Yeah. But I also have the money I received from my rent, from my second house. Oh, huh. So the question is still the same. Do you have money? No matter where they are from. Yes or no? Yes. I have this money. But I need to use the money for pay. And I have a small yes for pay. How much do you have left over when you paid to the bank? Exactly. I mean that I have an accident around... That change of Hans sent me is around an accident about... 500 dollars. And with this I can pay. Okay. That's okay Claudia. Okay. Then I think we have a plan. Because we was on this way. Now I think we have a plan Claudia. But we have to help each other to do this in this way. I will feel much more comfortable when I have the money in my account. I can put me into the training because then I can see that this is moving. And I will feel much more comfortable. I wish the best for you, for us. I wish I could be able to work. Because when you... No, the reality is not that you are not going to work soon. You know that too. The reality is that we have to try to find a economy now. But I am going to work. Yes. But that will not be soon Claudia. You know that too. Do you think that it is not possible? When you say, soon I don't believe it Claudia. With the CPR, if I go to the job center... There will maybe be some possibilities for work Claudia. The next question is, do you want to have this work? What time do you have? You have a boy with disabilities. Maybe he can apply for some health. And this is going to help the economy. I don't know all the rules about this Claudia. I just know that I don't. You don't... You only have the time you have Claudia. You only also have the capacity you have. Mentally. We all only have 100% capacity. Mentally, energy, time. So dreaming about that I want to go to Hawaii today, be tomorrow. At work and the next day I want to fly to Miami. It's not possible. You will be very stressed if you have to go every morning with the childrens and work and buy food and take care of many things Claudia. Have you been thinking about this? Yes, but... Have you been thinking about that Claudia? Yes. Of course, yes. I am a strong person. Yes, I know that Claudia. But now... Or to see when people die. But now we need to be... Take too much energy out of the battery. But now... Don't you know what I mean? Yes. But now we need to be focused. Yes. Okay? So that's it for me. Don't worry. I only want to be quite calm with our stressful... Trying to be okay on the way. Stayed by a step. But this world is not easy. Yes. Now... I don't know me and you are not. We talk many times about that we are very, very unlucky. Do you know the word, what unlucky is? You can be lucky. You know what lucky is. You can also be the opposite. And actually me and you are not, we talk sometimes. We are afraid to wake up in the morning because... What is going to happen now? That's why it's very important that we have to do a change right now because... We don't know what is coming. Okay, I understand you. The good news is that we have things here for cook in the next days. That's only short time. I want to think long distance. Long time, Claudia, I look the law away. What is the solution? The solution is not continuing like we have to do. That was my words. And I have to realize I am living in another reality now. I have to find the budgets for my kids. I have to pay for them every month. And that is a big, big, expensive cost that I didn't have before. But with this idea, giving me the space, the feeling that is okay, I am sitting here because it's a part of the life. I will be more calm to say, okay, you accept? Because continuing in a situation with out of control and stress about what I do, that's not a life for me, Claudia. Then I will run away. One day I will take my auto cab and drive to... I don't know where I am running away. I can put a fire through this plate and I am away. I don't want to live that life. I am going to continue with my things. We can talk later about if you want to talk. But now, be quiet. Don't speak more about financial things. We can continue talking later. But we have an agreement now and you understand. I understand. I am too continue. Tomorrow you are going to do this. There is an election meeting tomorrow. I have to do a plan with that too to see. I can cook today. The only thing that I would like is how did you cook that? That's the only thing that I want to learn. I can do that in 10 minutes. It's not a problem. I come back in 15 minutes maybe for... I finish to do my things in the second floor and I can't help you cook the strawberries.